---
layout: post
title: Zion, UT
date: '2016-08-13' 
author: David Vitale
categories: ["blog", "travel", "misc", "backpacking"]
tags: ["travel", "misc", "backpacking"]
featured: false
location:
    geojson: '{
        "type": "FeatureCollection",
        "features": [
            {
            "type": "Feature",
            "properties": {"popupContent": "The Narrows, Zion National Park"}, 
            "geometry": {
                "type": "Point",
                "coordinates":
                    [-112.946420, 37.286599]
                }
            },
            {
            "type": "Feature",
            "properties": {"popupContent": "Potato Hollow, Zion National Park"}, 
            "geometry": {
                "type": "Point",
                "coordinates":
                    [-112.995008, 37.318185] 
                }
            },
            {
            "type": "Feature",
            "properties": {"popupContent": "The Subway, Zion National Park"}, 
            "geometry": {
                "type": "Point",
                "coordinates":
                    [-113.052264, 37.308950]
                }
            },

            {
            "type": "Feature",
            "properties": {"popupContent": "Angels Landing, Zion National Park"}, 
            "geometry": {
                "type": "Point",
                "coordinates":
                    [-112.947805, 37.269233]
                }
            }


        ]
    }'

---

>_Note_: This post was written retroactively in 2020

{% leaflet_map { "zoom" : 11 } %}
    {% if page.location.geojson %}
        {% assign geojson = page.location.geojson %}
        {% leaflet_geojson {{geojson}} %}
    {% elsif page.location.latitude and page.location.longitude %}
        {% assign popupContent = page.location.popupContent | default: "" %}
        {% leaflet_marker { "latitude" : {{page.location.latitude}},
                            "longitude" : {{page.location.longitude}},
                            "popupContent" : "{{popupContent}}" } %}
    {% endif %}
{% endleaflet_map %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/zion-1.jpg" %}

In the summer of 2016, I spent a few days in one of my favorite places on Earth: Zion National Park, Utah. I've since been back multiple times, but this first trip there holds a special place in my heart. This was also the first trip with "The 3 Cabarellos" (Kevin, Isaac, and myself), would would later go on an epic [Alaskan road trip](/blog/travel/alaska-roadtrip/retrospective/).

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/narrows-1.jpg" %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/narrows-2.jpg" %}

We did "The Narrows" hike, an incredibly experience of hiking __in__ the Virgin River. Make sure you bring trekking poles! We had such a fun time climbing up rocks, wading through the river, and chilling.

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/angels-landing-1.jpg" %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/angels-landing-2.jpg" %}

We also did the famous "Angel's Landing" hike as a part of our West Rim backpacking adventure. A must do if you can handle the steep drop-offs, it's such an amazing experience. We left our backpacking bags at the base as we did Angel's Landing, and a hungry chipmunk ate through Isaac's bag and stole his tortillas. Speaking of tortillas...

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/subway-2.jpg" %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/subway-1.jpg" %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/subway-3.jpg" %}

This is "The Subway", a crazy rock formation that formed over many years of "sloshing" water to make the smooth round corridor you see here.

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/potato-hollows-1.jpg" %}

{% include travel-img.html src="/assets/personal/misc-travel/zion-1/potato-hollows-2.jpg" %}

The backpacking in Zion was a really great experience. I remember being pretty dehydrated and nauseous, however, because we didn't reach our water source in the first day. And we didn't bring a tent, we just slept out in our sleeping bags in the cold, windy night. Yet I still remember this trip as overwhelmingly positive. We were still getting our backpacking legs, and making mistakes is a part of the process. I miss this trip, and will always remember it fondly.
